Add explicit anchor ids in docs (#3891)
OpenRefine/OpenRefine: docs/versioned_docs/version-3.4/manual/troubleshooting.md

sidebar_label: Troubleshooting
---

## Frequently asked questions {#frequently-asked-questions}

We collect and share FAQs and responses on Github at [https://github.com/OpenRefine/OpenRefine/wiki/FAQ](https://github.com/OpenRefine/OpenRefine/wiki/FAQ).

If you don’t find your problem and solution there, continue on to the resources in the Community section below to see more conversations and look for solutions.  

## Community {#community}

> ### If you’re having a problem: {#if-youre-having-a-problem}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If you are having a problem: {#if-you-are-having-a-problem}
```
